feat(anta): add anta.result_manager.models.AtomicTestResult (#937)
aristanetworks/anta: docs/contribution.md

The `pytest_generate_tests` function definition in `conftest.py` is called during test collection.

The `pytest_generate_tests` function will parametrize the generic test function based on the `DATA` constant defined in modules in the `tests.units.anta_tests` package.

See https://docs.pytest.org/en/7.3.x/how-to/parametrize.html#basic-pytest-generate-tests-example

The `DATA` constant is a list of dictionaries used to parametrize the test. A `TypedDict` has been defined to ease the writing of such constant and leverage `mypy` type checking.

``` python
class AtomicResult(TypedDict):
    """Expected atomic result of a unit test of an AntaTest subclass."""

    result: Literal["success", "failure", "skipped"]  # The expected status of this atomic result.
    description: str  # The expected description of this atomic result.
    messages: NotRequired[list[str]]  # The expected messages of this atomic result. The strings can be a substrings of the actual messages.
    inputs: NotRequired[dict[str, Any]]  # The inputs registered with this atomic result.

class Expected(TypedDict):
    """Expected result of a unit test of an AntaTest subclass."""

>     result: Literal["success", "failure", "skipped"]  # The expected status of this unit test.

Reviewer: should it not have more (unset / error)? or is it used only in places where we expect these 3?

Author: No unit test case expects unset (test has never run) or error (an unexpected error has been caught by the ANTA framework, not by the test code).

            {
                "messages": [
                    """ping: sendmsg: Network is unreachable
                ping: sendmsg: Network is unreachable
                PING 10.0.0.11 (10.0.0.11) from 10.0.0.5 : 72(100) bytes of data.

                --- 10.0.0.11 ping statistics ---
                2 packets transmitted, 0 received, 100% packet loss, time 10ms

                """,
                ],
            },
            {
                "messages": [
                    """PING 10.0.0.2 (10.0.0.2) from 10.0.0.5 : 72(100) bytes of data.
                80 bytes from 10.0.0.2: icmp_seq=1 ttl=64 time=0.247 ms
                80 bytes from 10.0.0.2: icmp_seq=2 ttl=64 time=0.072 ms

                --- 10.0.0.2 ping statistics ---
                2 packets transmitted, 2 received, 0% packet loss, time 0ms
                rtt min/avg/max/mdev = 0.072/0.159/0.247/0.088 ms, ipg/ewma 0.370/0.225 ms

                """,
                ],
            },
        ],
        "expected": {
            "result": "failure",
            "messages": ["Unreachable Destination 10.0.0.11 from 10.0.0.5 in VRF default"],
            # This test has implemented atomic results.

>             # Expected atomic results must be specified or the test will fail.

Reviewer: order matters I suppose?

            "atomic_results": [
                {
                    # Expected atomic result description
                    "description": "Destination 10.0.0.11 from 10.0.0.5 in VRF default",

>                     # If the atomic result is tied to a subset of the test inputs, it needs to be expected here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    # If the atomic result is tied to a subset of the test inputs, it needs to be added here otherwise the test will fail.
```

                    "inputs": {
                        "destination": "10.0.0.11",
                        "df_bit": False,
                        "repeat": 2,
                        "size": 100,
                        "source": "10.0.0.5",
                        "vrf": "default",
                    },
                    # Expected atomic result status
                    "result": "failure",

>                     # If the atomic result returns messages, it needs to be expected otherwise test will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    # If the atomic result returns messages, it needs to be added here otherwise test will fail.
```
